Docs: Add MCS doc (#663)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/multi-cluster-service.md

# Multi-cluster Service Discovery

Users are able to **export** and **import** services between clusters with [Multi-cluster Service APIs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/mcs-api).

## Prerequisites

### Karmada has been installed

> We can install karmada refer to [quick-start](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#quick-start), or directly run `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script which is also used to run our E2E cases.

Reviewer: We can install Karmada by referring to...

> We can install karmada refer to [quick-start](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#quick-start), or directly run `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script which is also used to run our E2E cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can install Karmada by referring to [quick-start](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada#quick-start), or directly run `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script which is also used to run our E2E cases.
```

### Member Cluster Network

> Ensure that at least two clusters has been added to karmada, and the container networks between member clusters are connected.

Reviewer: Ensure that at least two clusters have been...

> Ensure that at least two clusters has been added to karmada, and the container networks between member clusters are connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that at least two clusters have been added to Karmada, and the container networks between member clusters are connected.
```

> - If you use the `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script to deploy karmada. The deployed karmada has three member clusters, and the container networks of the `member1` and `member2` are connected.

Reviewer: - If you use the `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script to deploy Karmada, Karmada will have three member clusters, and the container networks of the `member1` and `member2` will be connected.

> - If you use the `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script to deploy karmada. The deployed karmada has three member clusters, and the container networks of the `member1` and `member2` are connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use the `hack/karmada-bootstrap.sh` script to deploy Karmada, Karmada will have three member clusters, and the container networks of the `member1` and `member2` will be connected.
```

> - If you use `Kind` tool to create cluster and then join member cluster, you can refer to the [hack/util.sh](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/af5f544cbe68d6b37a730b42dcc1ead0fac16915/hack/util.sh#L452-L470) script to enable the container network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use `Kind` tool to create member clusters, you can refer to the [hack/util.sh](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/af5f544cbe68d6b37a730b42dcc1ead0fac16915/hack/util.sh#L452-L470) script to enable the container networks.
```

> ### The ServiceExport and ServiceImport CRD has been installed

Reviewer: ### The ServiceExport and ServiceImport CRDs have been installed

> ### The ServiceExport and ServiceImport CRD has been installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The ServiceExport and ServiceImport CRDs have been installed
```

We need to install ServiceExport and ServiceImport in the member clusters.

> ServiceExport and ServiceImport have been installed on the **karmada control-plane**, we can create `ClusterPropagationPolicy` to propagate those two CRD to the member cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After ServiceExport and ServiceImport have been installed on the **karmada control-plane**, we can create `ClusterPropagationPolicy` to propagate those two CRDs to the member clusters.
```

```yaml
# propagate ServiceExport CRD
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterPropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: serviceexport-policy
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
      kind: CustomResourceDefinition
      name: serviceexports.multicluster.x-k8s.io
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
        - member2
---        
# propagate ServiceImport CRD
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterPropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: serviceimport-policy
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
      kind: CustomResourceDefinition
      name: serviceimports.multicluster.x-k8s.io
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
        - member2
```
## Example

### Step 1: Deploy service on the `member1` cluster 

> We need to deploy service on the `member1`cluster for discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to deploy service on the `member1` cluster for discovery.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: serve
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: serve
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: serve
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: serve
        image: jeremyot/serve:0a40de8
        args:
        - "--message='hello from cluster 1 (Node: {{env \"NODE_NAME\"}} Pod: {{env \"POD_NAME\"}} Address: {{addr}})'"
        env:
          - name: NODE_NAME
            valueFrom:
              fieldRef:
                fieldPath: spec.nodeName
          - name: POD_NAME
            valueFrom:
              fieldRef:
                fieldPath: metadata.name
---      
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: serve
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 80
    targetPort: 8080
  selector:
    app: serve
---
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: mcs-workload
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: serve
    - apiVersion: v1
      kind: Service
      name: serve
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
```

### Step 2: Export service to the `member2` cluster

> - Create a `ServiceExport` object on **karmada control-plane**, and then create  a `PropagationPolicy` to propagate the `ServiceExport` object to the `member1` cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `ServiceExport` object on **karmada control-plane**, and then create a `PropagationPolicy` to propagate the `ServiceExport` object to the `member1` cluster.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: multicluster.x-k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceExport
metadata:
  name: serve
---
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: serve-export-policy
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: multicluster.x-k8s.io/v1alpha1
      kind: ServiceExport
      name: serve
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
```

> - Create a `ServiceImport` object on **karmada control-plane**, and then create a  `PropagationPlicy` to propagate the `ServiceImport` object to the `member2` cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `ServiceImport` object on **karmada control-plane**, and then create a `PropagationPlicy` to propagate the `ServiceImport` object to the `member2` cluster.
```
